docs: add a README section for the autoincremented ids (#180)
googleapis/python-spanner-sqlalchemy: README.md

autocommit_engine = eng.execution_options(isolation_level="AUTOCOMMIT")
```

### Autoincremented IDs  

> Cloud Spanner doesn't support autoincremented IDs mechanism due to performance reasons ([see for more details](https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/schema-design#primary-key-prevent-hotspots)). Though it's not encouraged to do so, in case you *need* the feature, you can simulate it manually, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Spanner doesn't support autoincremented IDs mechanism due to performance reasons ([see for more details](https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/schema-design#primary-key-prevent-hotspots)). Though it's not encouraged to do so, in case you *need* the feature, you can simulate it manually as follows:
```
